Why?
God, why did you do this to me?
I have very little life left.
Revenge not yet reported
How dare you love a girl?
Pham Hien
I'm fine.
I was so worried about you.
I don't have much life left.
Why did you save me?
Wait for this to end.
We'll go west of the city, okay?
But not anymore.
If we find all the pilgrims
Is it possible to become a fairy?
Master, we found you.
We, the Cult, and Mai were both destroyed.
"Who dares to attack the righteous martial arts sect and say that our evil sect wants the blood of Wuling"
Kill us.
Moreover, now the giang ho is rumored
Who can catch the leader of the Demonic Cult, Pham Hien?
Who can become the martial arts leader at the martial arts convention?
Quickly find someone to take him to the Heavenly Gate.